When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

It depends if you are done with your project or got far enough and want to share it, save it, host it, or keep it private.
You can also have other people work on the project. They can give feedback and suggestions which you can later add to your
project if you wanted to.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

you would want to pull changes manually becasue if more than one user is editing or working on the same project you would want to make sure the commits your pulling are something you would need on your final project. Automaticcally staying up-to-date with your remote repository would mean more possible unnecessary commits that have not been approved or might not need or want in your final project.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are a copy of another persons project and files saved on your repository and account. this allows you to download or clone the files to your local repository that allow you to make changes to the file without affecting the original project. forks are also still attached to the users original repository so if they made any updates or changes you can pull the request and update your local repository. you can also submit pull request to the author and they can approve your commits and update the original project with your edits.

A clone is a copy of a repository saved to your computer and not on a website server. you can later make changes to the files using any text editor of your liking. you can use git to keep track of all your commits it's not connected online but it is still conected to the remote version and can later be synced together. and you can later push your edits to your remote repository on git hub so that both versions are up to date.

A branch is another version of your project that still lves in your repository that alows you to work more freely and explore other options of your project. you can possibly have an experimental branch that you later would like to merge onto your master brach if you are happy with your chnages. and these branches will not affect the original project.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

the benefit of having a copy of the last state of the remote repository stored on your local repository is when your going to work offline for a bit and will allow you to see what chnages have been made since you last checked. Also when there are more than one person working on a project and both of you have made changes that need to be updated locally and remotely. Once you figure out the exact changes you need to make you can run a git merge or fetch command that would merge both files together. and if you have any conflicting files you can go ahead and fix those conficting files and save your file and commit it later and push your updated commits to your remote repository. another reason would be when you want to possibly revert back to a certain part of the file.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

You can always collaberate using email, dropbox or the tools that google can offer. it would be easier the fact that lots of people already have working knowledge of how those other version control systems work. It would be hard working this way espcially when working with code or projects that require programing or coding.
Since most of these known version control systems don't support or cater to those specific types of projects or usage. Git and GitHub offer so many tools that can help you and your team out when collaberating on specific projects.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

You would want to make changes in a seperate branch when collaberating with others. It's a great option to run your changes by the other people who are also working on the same project. They may find some typo's or other things you might have overlooked. Or if you decide that you want your new branch to be an experiment branch that you are not confident with the chnages yet and would like others to view it and give you feedback before merging any files together. Directly updating your project has it's own benefit's for example when you want to have the most up to date commits on your local and remote repository.