What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Initializing a repository will create a new git repository that allows you to access a new or existing project so that you can make changes or edits to the private or public project.
git init will create a .git folder in your directory with all it's meta-data that will start recording any commits made to the project / files.
you need this so you can track and review any chnages or commits made by you or any author if the project is public.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers? 

the staging area means thats you put the file in here before you made a commit. working directory is where your main files are at. the repository is made when you clone or download the files to your computer and creates documentation or metadata with that folder that can track the history of those files and chnages made between them. repositories can have multiple collaborators and can be public or private.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

you can use the staging area to add one commit to it each time you make a change to your file. using the command git add and the file name to the staging area. use git commit to open the file in your text editor of choice. save your commit. Do the same for your other file that you would like to commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches would help if you needed to make changes or madicifications that will not effect the whole project. But rather create a new project under a new name with your changes that you can go back and forth from the original when needed.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams give you a better visualization of how your branches and commits can be viewed. This helps out espcially when trying to see what commits you can reach. Depending on what branch your on.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

the reason we merge two branches together is because when more than one person is working on a project. And they both have made changes that they wanted to introduce into the master branch then both can do so by merging the files they have.
Or if you have an eperimental branch that you have now made final changes that you want to introduce into your main project you can do so by merging both together.
Represeting it in the diagram we do is beacuse it shows what commits and branches are reachable and which aren't.